Slight change to ordered delivery guarantees (#3536)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/broker/kafka-broker/_index.md

The supported consumer delivery guarantees are:

> * `unordered`: Unordered consumer is a non-blocking consumer that potentially delivers messages unordered, while preserving proper offset management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `unordered`:  An  unordered consumer is a non-blocking consumer that delivers messages unordered, while preserving proper offset management.
```

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the Could Event receiver response before it delivers next messages of the partion.

Reviewer 2: typo: partition

Author: @pierDipi thanks, I updated

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the Could Event receiver response before it delivers next messages of the partition.

Reviewer 3: s/Could Event/CloudEvent

s/receiver/subscriber

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the CloudEvent subscriber response before it delivers next messages of the partition.

Reviewer 4: Does it have to be successful response?

Reviewer 2: Great question/suggestion.

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the CouldEvent subscriber's successful response before it delivers next messages of the partition.

Reviewer 4: CouldEvent=>CloudEvent?

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the CouldEvent subscriber's successful response before it delivers next messages of the partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ordered`: An ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer that waits for a successful response from the CloudEvent subscriber before it delivers the next message of the partition.
```

> * `ordered`: Ordered consumer is a per-partition blocking consumer, waiting for the CouldEvent subscriber response before it delivers next messages of the partition.

Reviewer 3: s/CouldEvent/CloudEvent
